as first child abuse
it remains a major social problem
one hundred thousand children mistreated
and the number do not decrease
the silence about child abuse of both victims and their environment
does not make it any easier
esteban received and violence tries to silence writer annie jacoba
to break
if the effects of abuse did not stop once a child became an adult
now we have to die on average three times a week for a child
of maltreatment only the excesses come in the news because like toddler
savanna last year in total the trunk of a car was found
where the 100,000 other abused children remain anonymous writer
hanny then come it herself also for years abused physically
as spiritual
so strong story to the fact
that my father parades me the 2 year old woman from Texas may choose the
horses that would not be abused
the i have for years not a small scale basque country i can actually do it
I vomited not to hold it in and that happened
that's right, you know that place and that has been going on for a long time
and we were called anything and everything anything but that was bad
we were the book martine rademaker from lieshout such n va
wenger was beaten by her father her mother humiliated the only one
attention to was too expensive
well from me to feed little fires
probably too early in the bike
he soon became sexual abuse
as soon as children become adults, abuse usually stopped but with that
the problems are not over
there are people who
after a heavy burden of
even people who only want to tell a screen with the story like
consequence that says you are invisible
feel good at all but in order to surpass a threshold, you actually have to
completely on zero
the same school daycare
and i will just be provoked as a child or i would go there myself anyway
and then my daughter
the ja ses probably will be about
I have you can also have a child can never provoke
that his small effort is to be the international of Ghana
abuse can be prevented but the great silence of both
Victims as environment stands in the way of solving the problem
with her book secret violence philharmonic act that break the silence that happened
can banish
I kept silent for a long time about the past because I didn't really want to be there
reason for it and people don't like it to be because of it too
environment to be so much talent
I can't believe that people don't know
when I was asked I started to prosecute Herman's table
and everyone away from the past
and all are afraid of doing something
although it should also just go to it is not at all normal course
rounded
that you can also feel well that has to do with the people involved
but I did when I forgot the story if there was something wrong
the list leader
that is a very important bet to take at school as well as to fit
teachers that are that's good
Turkey
that confirms that it should be possible
if only my arm but my shoulder